---
title: "THM - Expose"
date: 2025-06-16
image: /assets/img/expose/expose.png
tas:
  [tryhackme, writeups, linux, burpsuit, suid, gtfobins, sqli, reverse shell]
categories: [TryHackMe, Writeup, CTF, Easy]
redirect_from: /2025/16/06/expose/
---

Hello world,

Writeup about [TryHackMe](https://tryhackme.com) room : [Lookup](https://tryhackme.com/r/room/expose) - Easy

## Enumeration

Given only the IP by THM, the first thing to do is to start an nmap scan on target to gather informations about opened ports

```shell
nmap -sS 10.10.9.57 -sV -o output.txt
```

It shows open ports :
- 21/tcp - FTP
- 22/tcp - SSH
- 53/tcp - DNS

## Exploration
### FTP

Let's first try to connect as anonymous and see if something is available.

`ftp anonymous@10.10.9.57`

By typing `ls`, nothing is there. Wrong direction.

### DNS

Let's try a DNS zone transfer to gain extra informations about the domain.

`dig axfr @10.10.9.57`

The server does not allow for zone transfer. Wrong direction.

### Enumeration (again)

Since nothing usefull is shown in the first 1000 ports scanned by our nmap scan, let's try a wider scan.

`nmap -A 10.10.9.57 -p1-65535 -o output.txt`

We discover two more ports :
- 1337/tcp - HTTP
- 1883/tcp - mosquitto

We will take a look at 1337 first.

## Website

By navigating to 10.10.9.57:1337, we are shown an almost empty white page with only a text. Nothing interesting, let's bring the guns out

`gobuster dir -u http://10.10.9.57:1337/ -w /usr/share/dirb/wordlists/big.txt 2>/dev/null`

`/admin` is useless, whereas `/admin_101` have some interesting result

As we have the user hacker@root.thm provided, we can try a bruteforce attack (Spoiler: It does not work)

After sending the request to Burp Suit Repeater, we observe an interesting response from the server that shows that an SQLi attack should be possible.

Let's save the request and feed it to SQLmap.

`sqlmap -r req.req -dbs`
`sqlmap -r req.req -D expose --dump`
`sqlmap -r req.req -D expose -T user --dump`
`sqlmap -r req.req -D expose -T config --dump`